I tried to look for work,
but I was unsuccessful.
It was a struggle even to get water.
And the specialist gave us the diagnosis
of a very aggressive brain tumor.
My negative disposition
made me a very impatient, sarcastic,
and demanding person.
The fact that I was not appointed
as an elder made me feel disappointed.
Jehovah will act in the near future,
fulfilling all his promises.
And so I’m happy to endure.
And when everything
around you is chaotic,
the one thing you have
is your relationship with Jehovah.
Regaining joy is a work in progress.
I’ve always admired
the beauty and power of the sea.
It reminds me of the One
who created the sea.
It’s not hard for him to care
for just one small human like me.